docs: Cursor AI coding guidelines and an automated code quality (#37712)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: AGENTS.md

```

### Migration Guidelines

1. **Always create migrations for state changes**
2. **Test migrations thoroughly** (old state → new state)
3. **Handle missing data gracefully** (some users may have old/corrupted state)
4. **Never mutate input state** (return new state object)
5. **Include version number** in migration metadata

**Example Migration:**
```typescript
import { cloneDeep } from 'lodash';

const version = 123;

export default {
  version,
  async migrate(originalVersionedData: any) {
    const versionedData = cloneDeep(originalVersionedData);
    versionedData.meta.version = version;
    transformData(versionedData.data);
    return versionedData;
  },
};

function transformData(state: any): void {
  // Transform state.data
  if (state.PreferencesController) {
    state.PreferencesController.newProperty = 'defaultValue';
  }
}
```

---

## Pull Request Workflow

### Before Creating a PR

- [ ] All tests pass: `yarn test`
- [ ] Linting passes: `yarn lint`
- [ ] No console.logs or debug code
- [ ] Changes are covered by tests
- [ ] LavaMoat policies updated (if dependencies changed)
- [ ] Attributions updated (if dependencies changed)

> ### Creating a PR

Reviewer: Here's I'd say the AI should create a PR description that exactly follows the [PR template](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/main/.github/pull-request-template.md).

7. **NEVER commit** unless explicitly requested by user
8. **NEVER stage changes** unless explicitly requested by user
9. **NEVER use array index as key** in dynamic lists (use unique IDs)

### Comprehensive Guidelines Location

Read these files for detailed coding standards:

- Controller patterns: `.cursor/rules/controller-guidelines/RULE.md`
- Unit testing standards: `.cursor/rules/unit-testing-guidelines/RULE.md`
- E2E testing standards: `.cursor/rules/e2e-testing-guidelines/RULE.md`
- Front-end performance:
  - `.cursor/rules/front-end-performance-rendering/RULE.md` (rendering performance - start here)
  - `.cursor/rules/front-end-performance-hooks-effects/RULE.md` (hooks & effects)
  - `.cursor/rules/front-end-performance-react-compiler/RULE.md` (React Compiler & anti-patterns)
  - `.cursor/rules/front-end-performance-state-management/RULE.md` (Redux & state management)
- PR workflow: `.cursor/rules/pull-request-guidelines/RULE.md`
- Code style: `.cursor/rules/coding-guidelines/RULE.md`
- Official guidelines: `.github/guidelines/CODING_GUIDELINES.md`

---

## Quick Setup

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js 24+** (use `nvm use` to auto-select from `.nvmrc`)

> - **Yarn 4.10.3+** (managed by Corepack, included with Node.js)

Reviewer 2: We should avoid fixed version numbers here

```suggestion
- **Node.js+** (use `nvm use` to auto-select development version specified in `.nvmrc`)
- **Yarn** (managed by Corepack, included with Node.js)
```
